CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# What do I need to know to help?
If you are looking to help to with a code contribution our project uses React.js, Tailwind, and Express.js. If you don't feel ready to make a code contribution yet, no problem! Just have a look through the code to get a feel for it! We 

If you are interested in making a code contribution and would like to learn more about the technologies that we use, check out the list below.

- [Basic React Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j942wKiXFu8)
- [Node.js + Espress.js Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb3Qk8SG5Ms)
- [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Express Documentation](https://expressjs.com/en/4x/api.html)
- [Tailwind Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation)

There are also a couple other dependencies that we use, such as [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro). We recommend you check out the package.json files in the frontend and backend folders to see these dependencies. Feel free to search for more information about these dependencies online!

# How do I make a contribution?
Never made a contribution before? Wondering how contributions work in the in our project? Here's a quick rundown!

- Find an issue that you are interested in addressing or a feature that you would like to add (we recommend looking for those labelled `good first issue`).
- Fork the repository associated with the issue to your local GitHub organization. This means that you will have a copy of the repository under your-GitHub-username/repository-name.
- Clone the repository to your local machine using git clone https://github.com/github-username/repository-name.git.
- Create a new branch for your fix using git checkout -b branch-name-here.
- Make the appropriate changes for the issue you are trying to address or the feature that you want to add.
- Use git add insert-paths-of-changed-files-here to add the file contents of the changed files to the "snapshot" git uses to manage the state of the project, also known as the index.
- Use git commit -m "Insert a short message of the changes made here" to store the contents of the index with a descriptive message.
- Push the changes to the remote repository using git push origin branch-name-here.
- Submit a pull request to the upstream repository.
- Title the pull request with a short description of the changes made and the issue or bug number associated with your change. For example, you can title an issue like so "Added more log outputting to resolve #4352".
- In the description of the pull request, explain the changes that you made, any issues you think exist with the pull request you made, and any questions you have for the maintainer. It's OK if your pull request is not perfect (no pull request is), the reviewer will be able to help you fix any problems and improve it!
- Wait for the pull request to be reviewed by a maintainer.
- Make changes to the pull request if the reviewing maintainer recommends them.
- Celebrate your success after your pull request is merged!

# What does the Code of Conduct mean for me?
Our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) means that you are responsible for treating everyone on the project with respect and courtesy regardless of their identity. If you are the victim of any inappropriate behavior or comments as described in our Code of Conduct, we are here for you and will do the best to ensure that the abuser is handled appropriately, per our code.


# Attribution

This contributor guideline is adapted from the [opensource.com](https://opensource.com/life/16/3/contributor-guidelines-template-and-tips)

Commit message:

Added more information about how to run tests to docs (#125)
* Removed Documentation.txt from backend since the information has been moved to the wiki

* Added more info about testing

* Added more info about the vision for out project in CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# What do I need to know to help?
If you are looking to help to with a code contribution our project uses React.js, Tailwind, and Express.js. If you don't feel ready to make a code contribution yet, no problem! Just have a look through the code to get a feel for it! We 

If you are interested in making a code contribution and would like to learn more about the technologies that we use, check out the list below.

- [Basic React Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j942wKiXFu8)
- [Node.js + Espress.js Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb3Qk8SG5Ms)
- [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Express Documentation](https://expressjs.com/en/4x/api.html)
- [Tailwind Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation)

There are also a couple other dependencies that we use, such as [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro). We recommend you check out the package.json files in the frontend and backend folders to see these dependencies. Feel free to search for more information about these dependencies online!

# How do I make a contribution?
Never made a contribution before? Wondering how contributions work in the in our project? Here's a quick rundown!

- Find an issue that you are interested in addressing or a feature that you would like to add (we recommend looking for those labelled `good first issue`).
- Fork the repository associated with the issue to your local GitHub organization. This means that you will have a copy of the repository under your-GitHub-username/repository-name.
- Clone the repository to your local machine using git clone https://github.com/github-username/repository-name.git.
- Create a new branch for your fix using git checkout -b branch-name-here.
- Make the appropriate changes for the issue you are trying to address or the feature that you want to add.
- Use git add insert-paths-of-changed-files-here to add the file contents of the changed files to the "snapshot" git uses to manage the state of the project, also known as the index.
- Use git commit -m "Insert a short message of the changes made here" to store the contents of the index with a descriptive message.
- Push the changes to the remote repository using git push origin branch-name-here.
- Submit a pull request to the upstream repository.
- Title the pull request with a short description of the changes made and the issue or bug number associated with your change. For example, you can title an issue like so "Added more log outputting to resolve #4352".
- In the description of the pull request, explain the changes that you made, any issues you think exist with the pull request you made, and any questions you have for the maintainer. It's OK if your pull request is not perfect (no pull request is), the reviewer will be able to help you fix any problems and improve it!
- Wait for the pull request to be reviewed by a maintainer.
- Make changes to the pull request if the reviewing maintainer recommends them.
- Celebrate your success after your pull request is merged!

# What does the Code of Conduct mean for me?
Our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) means that you are responsible for treating everyone on the project with respect and courtesy regardless of their identity. If you are the victim of any inappropriate behavior or comments as described in our Code of Conduct, we are here for you and will do the best to ensure that the abuser is handled appropriately, per our code.

# Our Vision
Our vision for this project is for it to be an easy-to-use financial tracker that can help students with becoming more financially responsible. Right now, it is quite simple and barebones, and while we don't want to make things overly complicated, adding more features that can aid users is a big goal for this project. Namely, we would like to create a larger incentive for saving money, as well as make it even easier to use. If you do contribute, thank you very much!


# Attribution
This contributor guideline is adapted from the [opensource.com](https://opensource.com/life/16/3/contributor-guidelines-template-and-tips)
